quarrel
there is
hello airport has carried the last
news from the world of motors studio from
all dayan
pioneer electric vehicle
American company transport
embarked on her new road trust
tass models earlier on detroit
the auto show announced that sales
fully electric
state order sedan
will begin in the second quarter of the 12th year of his
assembly will be organized on
nummi factory in california
owned by toyota
retail value of the car in the us to
deducting all benefits and compensation will be
49 thousand dollars
in the minimum configuration and 60
thousand maximum sedan with sverdlovsk
Aluminum frame will be equipped
one of three options
350 370 power reserve battery pack
or 480 kilometers
except extra batteries with minimal charge
time of 45 minutes is possible their fast
replacing it will take just five minutes to
currently the number of preliminary
orders for electric cars already
exceeded three thousand and he gave the press
conference and European
buyers
tesla expect to reach that level
sales of 20 thousand sedans annually
to compare the previous model
companies are just fine for three years
bought only
one and a half thousand customers
last fall Italian design
Ilyich had an answer she presented
gilded package but the daughter is killed for
Fiat 500 cars
there are already some first customers
chinese businessman who laid out for
this Mukashev from 550 thousand euros
car body covered with white paint
funny gold 999 samples
besides gilding processed wheel
knobs drives the doorstep
Alcantara leather and leather
rare woods even place
familiar rugs are used expensive
wood panels in the center console
five hundred it was made specially
recess for the tablet they are trying
fiat edition prints
the device is also not too late
he, too, the tests and even decorated
diamonds tablet
used as a navigator and
music player
technical changes were made to the engine
which got a new turbine and exhaust
system thanks to the care power
motor was increased from one hundred and forty to
two hundred horsepower besides on
the case of the children and the court established
sports suspension and brakes brand
at the end of January in the road stadium
transport project guys
autopilot columns of cars that
At the moment
develop the company challenged and
eight more contractors
jointly developed
concept of moving cars to pockets of
corresponding burns on behavior
driver test cars are equipped
special devices with
complex communication systems
officials waters and control sensors in
the work of longitudinal movement in the future
to create a system it took
significantly special
simulator simulating zdub
Colony driver behavior like men
and women
different age and with different experiences
driving the convoy should lead
car most experienced driver
knowledgeable bus issue need
restructure coming sporty
mode from six to eight cars driver
each of them having reached the colony before
destination take control
car over and leaves the caravan
the rest of the participants which sms garibi
continue the path of such a system through
a couple of years should reduce accidents
on the roads and also reduce overall
fuel consumption and CO2 emissions in
the atmosphere
today is all the news from the world
Motors I wish health and banks
your car is a failure product to
tomorrow
with